## Hello World

PageLogic completely removes all the usual boilerplate,
leaving only what's relevant for your app &mdash; rather than
for the framework you're using.

<div class="md-row">

<div class="md-col-1">

```html
<!-- www/index.html -->
<html>
  <body>
    <button :count={0} :on-click={() => count++}>
      Clicks: {count}
    </button>
  </body>
</html>
```

</div>
<div class="md-col">

```bash
npm i pagelogic
pagelogic serve www
# http://127.0.0.1:3000
```

</div>
<div class="md-col">
<iframe src="https://pagelogic.dev/samples/quick-start" loading="lazy"></iframe>
</div>
</div>

## Why PageLogic

<div class="app-selling-ponts md-row pt-1 mb-0">

<div class="md-col-1" style="display: flex; flex-direction: column">

**Zero boilerplate** — forget ceremonies like React's `useState()`, `render()` etc. PageLogic handles these details behind the scenes, keeping code clean and expressive.

**Zero dependencies** — compiled pages only need their accompanying JavaScript file, implementing page logic, and the PageLogic runtime, both generated by the compiler or the server.

**Super lightweight** — it sports a tiny runtime of less than 4kB (minified, compressed).

**No Virtual DOM** — PageLogic uses direct DOM reflection, a much lighter and efficient solution.

</div>
<div class="md-col-1" style="display: flex; flex-direction: column">

**Isomorphic by design** — with traditional frameworks, delivering content-ready pages for search engine indexing can be complex: PageLogic server does it by default.

**Advanced routing** — the same set of pages can work as a classic website and as a modern [SPA](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Single-page\_application) at the same time.

**Simple components** — going from a simple block of code to a reusable component is trivial and promotes building your own reusable libraries.

**Flexible deployment** — PageLogic pages can be served using its own [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) server or its [Express](https://expressjs.com/) middleware in your own projects, or can be used as precompiled HTML.

</div>
</div>

## Roadmap

<div class="md-row mb-0">

<div class="md-col-1">

PageLogic is still in its infancy and is currently in its first development release, v.1.x. Stable releases for production will have even numbers, like 2.x, 4.x etc.
<br/>
First production release is on course for Spring 2024.

</div>
<div class="md-col-1">

We'd love to collect as much feedback as possible: if you're interested or you're are just curious about our HTML-centric approach, please star us on GitHub and maybe have a look at our GitHub discussions, which we'll launch soon.

</div>
</div>
